I hoped that exercise when pretty okay,
and so
now let's do the exercise together.
So, first thing we want to do
is we want to go ahead and
use D3 to select all of these paths,
so let's do that.
Actually out of habit let's
first select our SVG element,
then let's go ahead and
select our SVG element,
then out of the SVG,
let's pass in a string for
selecting all of our
paths within that SVG.
And, then let's bind our movies data,
so this is our movies data.
So let's go ahead and
bind our movies data, and
actually, let's take a look
at what this looks like.
Let's console log this really quickly, and
let's take a look at what that looks like.
So this is what we have,
and as of right now for
just right now we are only
concerned about this _groups.
If we open this, ooh did you see that?
It's kind of interesting, isn't it?
So it's saying, that we have 135 movies,
and we have five paths, and
there's an empty 130, empty x 130.
So, in the next notebook,
we'll kind of talk about what this means,
but for right now,
let's just take a look at these paths, and
then if we click on this,
we can see this is our paths.
And, let's take a look
at what's been bound.
And so yeah, so we have our first movie
and then if we open up the second
one at the very bottom we have our
second movie, which is Independence Day.
And we can see right
here that we have genres.
And so
that's what we need to do the fill, so
let's go and say fill,
and let's go and say,
passing a function and that function will
take in as input the data
that's been bound.
And let's say that we are going to
use that look up the colors look up,
and let's say I want to look up just
the first genre, and fill with that.
Awesome, and I'm going to put in as,
if we can't find the genre and
the colors, then we're going
to use the color for other.
And so that's our fill, and just for fun,
let's do the same thing for the stroke.
So let's just do the first genre
look it up in the colors object,
and if that doesn't exist
use the other color.
And you can probably
noticed that our stroke did
nothing because they're the same color.
So let's use this attribute
called fill-opacity, and
let's put the fill-opacity at 0.5.
And then we'll see we have this,
which is our petals have
a kind of faded fill and
then we have the stroke on the outside.
Let's just make our stroke
a little bit bigger,
stroke-width is 2, there we go.
And so this is how you can use
D3 selections, data binding, and
attributes, to kind of draw the shapes
that you want into the browser.